Partially revert 147 (#148)
datastax/astra-streaming-docs: modules/developing/partials/client-variables-table.adoc

|`tenantName`
|The name of your streaming tenant
a|
. In the {astra-ui-link} header, click icon:grip[name="Applications"], and then select *Streaming*.

> . Get the name from the *Streaming tenants* dashboard.

Author: ```suggestion
. Get the tenant name from the *{product}* dashboard.
```
